Hello everyone, my name is Subhashree, I am a second semester DKE student here in OVGU. Today with us we have one of the faculties from Informatic Department. Let's meet him. Hello doctor, can you introduce yourself to our viewers? Yes, so I am Eike Schallehn and I am working in the Computer Science Department and the database group of Professor Saake. So I mostly focused on doing teaching English courses for the DKE and digital engineering students but also other lectures for non-computer science students, engineering students and so on. Okay, so today we are going to discuss about the course data management in engineering applications. So it's called DMEA in short. So can you just briefly give an overview of the course? Yes, okay the course was born actually only a few years ago, five or six years ago and was intended to cover some of the topics related to specific requirements that you find in engineering. So the data that you typically have in engineering is quite different than conventional data, it's more complex and so on. So like CAD, computer-aided design and electrical engineering and so on. Have very different requirements and there are some specific solutions, how to manage this kind of data and the course was intended to give an overview of that. Okay, so like how advanced is this course and how is this going to help me if I take it in job prospect? How advanced is it? Okay, first how advanced is it compared to my other courses is a relatively basic course I'm trying to pick up the students at a level where there might be some computer science introduction available but not necessarily a deep database introduction. Secondly, what are the job prospects? It's, yes, the idea of that is to have special abilities in the field of working in areas where engineering applications and information technologies, and information technology to support engineering systems and so on, to develop engineering systems to get some understanding of how the data is managed. And so I think because engineering is a huge field and a huge job market, I think there's a lot of opportunity in that. So these are the basic concepts that one should know before starting a job or you know these are required in... Yes, so it's a very diverse field. So I would say I'm trying to focus on illustrating some of the basic principles. Yes, it's not like you know everything about engineering data after that. Yes, but to put some terms there and to understand what are the basic concepts of how to manage this data. So when you go into some company, you know, okay, there's this solution and maybe there's this solution and maybe because of some reasons, this is the one that we are going to use here. Yeah, okay. So as a master student, master thesis on project, a seminar are some terms that are always in our minds. So how taking this course will help me doing any of these? Okay, so because it's a little bit more of a foundational course, I'm supervising master thesis, sometimes also related to topics addressed in this lecture, but less often because it's rather a basic course, so it's not a research oriented. But there are of course research questions in the field of engineering applications meeting IT and yes but it happens less often. So it's not the course to take as a preparation for your master thesis. But do you know the basics or understanding the basic concepts? Yes, okay. Then comes what subsequent courses that I can take up after taking this so that I can end up with a good master thesis topic in this department? First of all, you can go in two directions because it's kind of mixing engineering and database or data management technology. You can advance in the direction of data management. So for instance, I'm starting to give a basic introduction of database models that are suitable, then you can take the advanced database models class that goes quite well with that one, just to give more details. On the other hand, I know that there are a number of engineering lectures incorporated that are related to that. So there are two directions. So we have to plan and take the courses accordingly and this will be a basic. It's a choice, yes. So whether you are interested in which direction? In engineering or databases, yes. Then like you said this is a basic course for masters. So I would prefer that a person maybe from digital engineering who doesn't have a background in computers can take up the course. Or this has some prerequisites. No, it was intended to have no prerequisites. So contrary to other courses where we recommend that you should have a database introduction course beforehand. For this course, I think I cover many of the important aspects and if you are interested in database, then you can go on to other database courses, including maybe to do more detailed database introduction afterwards. So this is a good course to start up. What would you give me a suggestion like a strategy, a plan to get a good grade in this course? Yes. There are several things that I typically tell the students in the first lecture. I think the most important one is that you start preparing for the exam on the first day of the lecture, not on the last day of the lecture. So use the lecture, be there, ask questions, discuss, use the exercises and so on to talk to the tutors and ask your questions and take the opportunity given during that time to understand it because after that you are left on it. Yes, so being punctual for the lectures and attending exercises and doing the exercise questions will definitely help me. But still you must come across students who end up with a bad grade or maybe some fail. So any common mistakes that you have observed between students? Yes, the most common mistake is not doing what I just said. Many students, because I hand out the handouts for the lecture and they think, okay, I don't need to go there. It piles up, you get some kind of gap and then you are lost until you lost the contact and then you have to do the exam at some point and then it's really hard. So you have to stick with the lecture. Stick with the lecture. It's not strictly required that you are there every week. At least be updated to the course. So if you miss some week, look up the slides, look up the handouts, do the exercise things and then try to keep in touch with the lecture. So this was a DMEA, any general advice apart from all this you want to give to the students who intend to take it. I think I said it. Okay okay fine. So if you are interested, go take up the course. It's a basic one. You don't need any prerequisites for it and stick to the lectures and the exercise will definitely go through it. Thank you, thank you doctor for your time and your suggestions. Thank you. okay Thank you.